background: start.jpg
text: The dogsled race was about to begin.
text: Julie's team of dogs were lined up at the starting gate.
text: Julie stood behind them.
text: The air was so cold that she could see her breath.
text: Other teams were lined up too, and the dogs were excited.
text: Julie kept her eyes on the clock.
text: At exactly ten o'clock, she and the other racers yelled, "Mush!"
text: The dogs knew that meant "Go!"
background: dogs4.jpg
text: They leapt forward and the race began!

text: Julie had trained months for this race.
text: She hoped she and her dogs would win.
text: Every day, Julie's dogs practiced for hours.

background: dogs.jpg
text: How many dogs does Julie have?
options: 6 7 8 9
answer: 9
text: 9 dogs!
text: Now, they ran over snowy hills and down into frozen valleys.
text: They stopped only to rest and eat.
text: They wanted to stay ahead of the other teams.
background: alaska.jpg
text: The racers had to go a thousand miles across Alaska.
text: Alaska is one of the coldest places on Earth.
text: The dogs' thick fur coats helped keep them warm in the cold.
comment: ask student how to spell 'snow'
text: In many places along the route, the sn__ was deep.
options: ow oe o wo
answer: ow
text: Pieces of ice were as sharp as a knife.
text: The ice could cut the dogs' feet.
background: dogs2.jpg
text: To keep that from happening, the dogs wore special boots.

text: At first, the dogs seemed to pull the sled very slowly.
text: They were still getting used to the race.
text: But on the third day out, they began to pull more quickly.
text: They worked as a team and passed many of the other racers.
background: dogs3.jpg

text: Finally, they reached the finish line.
text: They were first!
text: It was a great day for Julie and her dogs.

text: Were you paying attention? Where did Julie and her dogs race?
options: Alaska Iraq Toronto
answer: Alaska
text: Great job!
text: How did Julie protect her dogs?
options: running training boots sleds
answer: boots
text: That's right, with special boots!
text: What does "mush" mean?
options: stop eat sit go
answer: go
text: Correct!