background: sweets1.jpg
text: Lara loved to eat sweets. 
text: She tried to have some with every meal.
text: Those kinds of foods just tasted really good to her.
text: For breakfast, Lara had cereal with extra sugar on top.
text: She also used chocolate milk instead of white milk.
text: She drank some grape juice to make it healthier.
text: It was very sweet.
background: chocolate.jpg
text: For lunch at school, she brought a chocolate bar.
text: She had this with her school lunch, which was pizza.
text: She had strawberry milk and another juice for drinks.
text: Lara didn't like the pizza, so she just ate her snacks.
text: She bought an ice cream for 50 cents, too.
text: During class, her stomach felt weird, and she was very hyper.
text: Later, she got tired and wanted to sleep.
text: Then at gym class, she ran around and felt short of breath.
background: icecream.jpg
text: She didn't really like gym class.
text: It was hard to run, and it made her chest hurt.
text: Everyone else seemed faster than her.
text: Before dinner, Lara had a handful of super spicy cheesy puffs.
text: Then she had some soda to wash it down.
text: By dinner, she wasn't hungry, but Mom made her eat.
text: The broccoli was gross.
text: She wanted more soda, but Mom made her drink milk.
text: That was gross too, so she only had a couple sips.
background: soda.jpg
text: For dessert, she had some ice cream with chocolate syrup.
text: She felt hyper again, ran around, and went to bed late.
text: The next day, she was very tired.
text: A few weeks later, Lara went to the doctor's for a checkup.
text: The doctor said she needed to exercise more.
text: They also said Lara needed to eat less sugar and fat.
text: Even juice was bad, because it was filled with sugar.
background: sweets2.jpg
text: She could only have ice cream once a week.
text: Candy and junk cereal for breakfast were gone.
text: It was time to stop eating sugary food and more veggies.
text: Mom started making Lara walk to the bus stop.
text: She had to ride her bike for 30 minutes every day, too.
text: After a while, she started feeling better.
text: She also started doing better in school.
text: Lara started to like gym class more.
text: She missed the sweets less and less every day.
text: But now, when she had a snack, it was a real treat!